[Area 1] Inline setup markdown migration (#6074)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/email-security/deployment/inline/setup/gsuite-area1-mx.md

---
title: GSuite - Area 1 as MX Record
pcx_content_type: tutorial
weight: 2
layout: single
meta:
   title: Deploy and configure Gmail with Area 1 as MX Record
---

# Deploy and configure Gmail with Area 1 as MX Record

![A schematic showing where Area 1 security is in the life cycle of an email received](/email-security/static/gsuite-area1-mx.png)

> In this tutorial you will learn how to configure Gmail with Area 1 as MX record. This tutorial is broken down into several steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you will learn how to configure Gmail with Area 1 as MX record. This tutorial is broken down into several steps.
```

4. To access the newly create quarantine, select **GO TO ADMIN QUARANTINE** or access the quarantine directly by pointing your browser to [https://email-quarantine.google.com/adminreview](https://email-quarantine.google.com/adminreview).

    Once in the Admin quarantine console, you can access the **Area 1 Malicious** quarantine by selecting the corresponding quarantine on the left navigation section. Quarantined messages can be released as needed by an administrator.

### Create a content compliance filter to send malicious messages to quarantine

1. In the [Gmail administrative console](https://admin.google.com), select **Compliance** to configure the content compliance filter.

2. Navigate to the **Content compliance** area and select **CONFIGURE** to open the configuration dialog pop-up.

3. In the **Content compliance filter** configuration, enter the following:

    * **Name**: `Quarantine Area 1 Malicious`.
    * In the **Email message to affect** section, select **Inbound**.
    * In the **Add expression that describe the content you want to search for in each message section**, configure the following:
        * Select **Add** to add the condition.

>             * In the *Match* drop down, select **Advanced content match**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            * In the *Match* dropdown, select **Advanced content match**.
```

            * In **Location**, select **Full headers**.
            * In **Match type**, select **Contains text**.
            * In **Content**, enter `X-Area1Security-Disposition: MALICIOUS`.
        * Select **SAVE** to save the condition.

>     * In the **If the above expression match, do the following** section, select the *Action* dropdown and select **Quarantine message** and the **Area 1 Malicious** quarantine that was created in the previous step.

Reviewer: I didn't understand: in the Action dropdown what do you select? Or action is what you select in the dropdown?

    After you enter this information, select **SAVE**.

4. Once saved, the console will update with the newly configured **content compliance filter**.

    If you would like to quarantine the other dispositions, repeat the above steps and use the following strings for the other dispositions:
    * `X-Area1Security-Disposition: MALICIOUS`
    * `X-Area1Security-Disposition: SUSPICIOUS`
    * `X-Area1Security-Disposition: SPOOF`
    * `X-Area1Security-Disposition: UCE`

    If desired, you can create a separate quarantine for each of the dispositions.

{{<Aside type="note">}}
Google handles Groups (that is, distributions lists) differently from user mail accounts. The compliance filters actions are limited to the **Users** account type. If you heavily use Google Groups (that is, distribution lists), quarantining malicious messages using the Area 1 quarantine is the recommended method to ensure full protection.
{{</Aside>}}

## 3. Update your domain MX records

Instructions to update your MX records will depend on the DNS provider you are using. You need to replace the existing Google MX records with the Area 1 hosts.

These are the typical default MX records when using Gmail:

> MX Priority | Host

Reviewer: Same here.
